Robowflex Blog post (#710)
ros-planning/moveit.ros.org: _posts/2022-05-05-zak-kingston .md

---
author: Sean Kolk
comments: false
date: 2022-05-01
layout: post
title: Robowflex for MoveIt
media_type: image
media_link: /assets/images/blog_posts/2022_05_05_Zak.png
description: Robowflex a high-level C++ library for MoveIt
categories:
- Robowflex
- MoveIt
- Automation
---

>  [Zak Kingston](https://github.com/zkingston) presented at the 2022 MoveIt Community Meeting on how RoboFlex and MoveIt work together. Zak is a postdoctoral research associate and lab manager for the Kavraki Lab at Rice University under the direction of Dr. Lydia Kavraki. He graduated with a Ph.D. in Computer Science from Rice in December 2021. His research interests lie in algorithmic robotics, focusing on robot manipulation planning and planning with constraints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 [Zak Kingston](http://zkingston.com) presented Robowflex, a high-level C++ library for MoveIt, at the 2022 MoveIt Community Meeting. He describes how Robowflex has supported motion planning research and can be used to benchmark motion planning algorithms. Zak is a postdoctoral research associate and lab manager for the Kavraki Lab at Rice University under the direction of Dr. Lydia Kavraki. He graduated with a Ph.D. in Computer Science from Rice in December 2021. His research interests lie in algorithmic robotics, focusing on robot manipulation planning and planning with constraints.
```

>  Zak's work on Robowflex, a high-level C++ library for MoveIt, is now available [here](https://github.com/KavrakiLab/robowflex)! Robowflex makes using MoveIt simple and has been used in a number of publications. Take a look at the associated paper and documentation online.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Zak's work on Robowflex is available [here](https://github.com/KavrakiLab/robowflex)! Robowflex makes using MoveIt simple and has been used in a number of publications. Take a look at the [associated paper](http://zkingston.com/#Kingston2021) and [documentation online](https://kavrakilab.github.io/robowflex/).
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Zak will also talk about MotionBenchMaker, a tool to generate datasets for motion planning, and contains pre-generated realistic datasets for evaluating planning. MotionBenchMaker is [available here](https://github.com/KavrakiLab/motion_bench_maker). Take a look at the [associated paper](http://zkingston.com/#Chamzas2021a).
```

---
author: Sean Kolk
comments: false

> date: 2022-05-01

Author: ```suggestion
date: 2022-05-05
```
